You sent the attachment in Microsoft Word format, a secret
proprietary format, so I cannot read it.  If you send me
the plain text, HTML, or PDF, then I could read it.

Distributing documents in Word format is bad for you and
for others.  You can't be sure what they will look like if
someone views them with a different version of Word; they
may not work at all.

Receiving Word attachments is bad for you because they can
carry viruses.  Sending Word attachments is bad for you,
because a Word document normally includes hidden
information about the author, enabling those in the know to
pry into the author's activities (maybe yours).

But above all, sending people Word documents puts pressure
on them to use Microsoft software and helps to deny them
any other choice.  In effect, you become a buttress of the
Microsoft monopoly.  This pressure is a major obstacle to
the broader adoption of free software.  Would you please
reconsider the use of Word format for communication with
other people?

Converting the file to HTML is simple.  Open the document,
click on File, then Save As, and in the Save As Type strip
box at the bottom of the box, choose HTML Document or Web
Page.  Then choose Save.  You can then attach the new HTML
document instead of your Word document.  Note that versions
of Word change in inconsistent ways -- if you see slightly
different menu item names, please try them.

To convert to plain text is almost the same -- instead of
HTML Document, choose Text Only or Text Document as the
Save As Type.
